TODO.md, before:

# TODO
- [X] Delay between strike 3 and game over screen
- [X] Big red X boxes for strikes
- [X] Display strike count immediately after a strike instead of waiting for next round
- [X] Make buttons bigger and prettier
- [X] Implement time selection on main page
- [X] Make the countdown bar fancier
  - [X] Change color toward red as it counts down
  - [X] Flash for urgent ending
- [X] Allow book exclusion
  - [X] Create SETTINGS screen
- [ ] Other Books 
  - [X] Create Files for NT and DC
  - [X] Selection Menu
    - [X] UI
    - [X] Make it work
  - [ ] Create File for latest GenCon
- [X] Show score on Game Over screen
- [X] Disable timer with Main Menu button
- [X] Insert hyperlink on reference reveal to allow going to churchofjesuschrist.org to view the chapter and see context
- [ ] Match reveal text ( [ ] & Other status text) to button text size
- [ ] Use faces of prophets as players (Is this legal?)
- [X] Fix "Strikes: text" bug
- [ ] Add Main Menu button to game over screen
- [ ] Implement a leaderboard
- [ ] Flash text on screen (not an alert) when a strike is hit ("Strike 1!" etc.)
- [ ] Sort the functions in BOMB.js to make it easier to seek through. Maybe refactor out some other .js files
- [ ] Add BOM styling to all elements (Background texture & color, gold letters, font, etc.)
- [ ] Disable new round button until a guess has been made
- [ ] Make main menu cleaner and bigger
- [ ] Same ^^^ with Game Over screen
- [ ] Clean up console.log clutter
- [ ] Clean up formatting on Settings screen
- [ ] Add 'No Time Limit' Option
- [ ] UI Improvements
  - [ ] Settings Screen
    - [ ] Add spacing between elements
    - [ ] Fix Checkbox menu to make it dropdown instead of always being big

Commit message:

All basic features of volume selection now work (Except GC link generation for reference reveal)

TODO.md, after:

# TODO
- [X] Delay between strike 3 and game over screen
- [X] Big red X boxes for strikes
- [X] Display strike count immediately after a strike instead of waiting for next round
- [X] Make buttons bigger and prettier
- [X] Implement time selection on main page
- [X] Make the countdown bar fancier
  - [X] Change color toward red as it counts down
  - [X] Flash for urgent ending
- [X] Allow book exclusion
  - [X] Create SETTINGS screen
- [ ] Other Books 
  - [X] Create Files for NT and DC
  - [X] Selection Menu
    - [X] UI
    - [X] Make it work
  - [X] Create File for latest GenCon
  - [X] ONLY latest GenCon
- [X] Show score on Game Over screen
- [X] Disable timer with Main Menu button
- [X] Insert hyperlink on reference reveal to allow going to churchofjesuschrist.org to view the chapter and see context
- [ ] Match reveal text ( [ ] & Other status text) to button text size
- [ ] Use faces of prophets as players (Is this legal?)
- [X] Fix "Strikes: text" bug
- [ ] Add Main Menu button to game over screen
- [ ] Implement a leaderboard
- [ ] Flash text on screen (not an alert) when a strike is hit ("Strike 1!" etc.)
- [ ] Sort the functions in BOMB.js to make it easier to seek through. Maybe refactor out some other .js files
- [ ] Add BOM styling to all elements (Background texture & color, gold letters, font, etc.)
- [ ] Disable new round button until a guess has been made
- [ ] Make main menu cleaner and bigger
- [ ] Same ^^^ with Game Over screen
- [ ] Clean up console.log clutter
- [ ] Clean up formatting on Settings screen
- [ ] Add 'No Time Limit' Option
- [ ] UI Improvements
  - [ ] Settings Screen
    - [ ] Add spacing between elements
    - [ ] Fix Checkbox menu to make it dropdown instead of always being big
    - [ ] Add 'check all' and 'uncheck all' option for chapter exclusion selection
